Update documentation to reflect accurate pyup use (#4210)
pypa/pipenv: docs/advanced.rst

.. note::

>    Access to the ``safety`` database happens via an API call which retrieves
>    results which are updated on a monthly basis and made available to the
>    community for free by `pyup.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Each month, `PyUp.io` updates the ``safety`` database of
   insecure Python packages and `makes it available to the
   community for free <https://pyup.io/safety/>`__. Pipenv
   makes an API call to retrieve those results and use them
   each time you run ``pipenv check`` to show you vulnerable
   dependencies.
```
